Instead of downloading new graphs constantly. Download one big graph in the background at the start
then the user can select the boundary of the graph they want to use
let them see all the edges displayed in graph and click directly on the edges they want to remove
and show visualy
click on edges to display paths including those nodes/edges 
-either works like laso or selector
-can click them on or off

Done: Make boundary/shape of most recent submited graph for download the start shape when you go to make a new one
make show path preview on by default. or last seleted graph. 

remove jacard similarity as an option for dedup. Remove the dedup selector on input box. 

How can I set up the project for it to be easier to test. like the agent can run different inputs

consolidate intersections must have x many nodes to be counted as intersection. it is combining nearby nodes that aren't intersection

Do I need to chache graphs if they are all different sizes and wont have identical queries?

Have a button that stops generation

Need to deal with bad path that follows there and back on 2 lane road

what is the best way for the user to page through paths?
I want them to be able to see options without paging through too many mostly idential routes
I want them to be like oh i like this area let me see routes there without having to do anything to complicated

Have all display settings saved between refreshes: preview opacity, checkboxes like show path preview or arrows

have way to view where the algorithm is walking for debuging. I guess it could give screenshots every x number of rounds of nodes visited

Sometimes i wouldn't be able to make a loop from a node but i could do a lollypop but it is removed by simplifying.
So we need to include dead end roads in options for starting points but not in loop algorithm.
Append path to closest starting point to node

Selector/lasso only works after algorithm finishes


what is the best way for the user to page through paths?
I want them to be able to see options without paging through too many mostly idential routes
I want them to be like oh i like this area let me see routes there without having to do anything to complicated
click on edge then show paths with that edge
like selector tool or not. Just for like exploring

ability to edit paths i like
ability to save paths I like

with edge toggle. toggle on/off entire road name hold ctrl

Queue based on time spent on desirable roads

have distance buffer to cross a road even if it is toggled off
if two turns happen withing small distance don't increment turns

Thoughts:
Prioritizing number of turns gives paths mostly on main roads and not any on neigborhood roads on large distances
do we have to optimize by turns?

discomfort algo seems to work well. Weights might need tuning. Tertiary roads in charlotte are still too trafficked
maybe tertiary shouldn't be zero discomfort cost. But tertiary in rural areas might not get much traffick and could 
be desired over residential. 
Advanced input mode where I can input the weights for different road types. ask agent to give me combinations to test out
  

discomfort no turns finds paths that keep off road well but they miander a lot and discomfort barely
goes past 0 so barely hits tertiary roads

distance only explores more area but doesn't do anything about pleasant roads

discomfort and turns has balance but doesn't explore less direct routes explores less area


I want an algorithm that gives the user a variety of routes they would want to try
so they need to explore many areas to give variety, be easy to follow, avoid unpleant roads but not too much,

In a dense graph we still arent exploring far enough because it is getting variety of distances but all Just
different length loops in the same area. 
add metric that rewards visiting new areas

At longer lengths it will start to take trunks and nondesirable roads over 
better paths that take more turns. I still want to be able to make small crossings
but how can i assure i won't take trunk roads long distances
some trunk is okay some isn't like 105 bypass

sometimes out takes long path where the loop starts right by the path start point
I don't think people would like to take these loops

Displaying paths is my current challenge
click on map like pin drop. gets closest and then sorts them by distance


Add search button where you enter location or address and it goes there and drops a pin at location

See if agent can come up with ideas to improve algorithm. I want to maximize area explored preserving
good routes

rework difficulty to be more sensitive. A lot of the boone paths are all 10/10

Add ability to save/start a path I want to save
Then the toggle to only display stared paths
on input page I can go to view saved paths
they might be from different genearations from different locations display them all.
I can click on pin to choose routes from one generation
Add name/label to started routes

back button to return to input page. Warns user they will lose their generation.
or keep generatons if we don't refresh and I can go between generations?
would this be too much on the front end if i have hundreds of paths saved there?
